Editorial review: Document the SpeechRecognition quality option (#44245)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/speechrecognition/index.md

## Static methods

- {{domxref("SpeechRecognition.available_static", "SpeechRecognition.available()")}} {{experimental_inline}}

>   - : Checks whether the specified languages and quality level are available for speech recognition.

Reviewer: It just feels like this reads like quality level is separate from the language.

```suggestion
  - : Checks whether the specified languages are available for speech recognition at the given quality level.
```

Author: updated
